---
permalink: /projects/
title: "Projects"
---

Limitations on Learning Algorithms and Provability
======
Supervisor: [Prof. Iddo Tzameret](https://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~itzamere/index.html)  
Keywords: Algebraic Complexity, proof complexity and learning
* Connection between the automatability of Algebraic proof system (Ideal Proof System) and Learning
* In [ST21], Tzameret and Santhanam proved that VP $\neq$ VNP iff there does not exist a short IPS refutation of "IPS cannot efficiently refute VP $\neq$ VNP (perm is not in VP)". Could we extend this result to VP $\neq$ VNP iff for all polynomial f there does not exist a short IPS refutation of "IPS cannot efficiently refute f is not in VP "

Connection between Rudich's and Razborov's conjectures ([Master's dissertation in Oxford](../assets/Oxford_Master_thesis.pdf))
======
Supervisor: [Dr. Jan Pich](https://users.ox.ac.uk/~coml0742/) and [Prof. Rahul Santhanam](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/people/rahul.santhanam/)  
Keywords: proof complexity, pseudorandomness, natural proofs, and bounded arithmetic
* Study the standard assumptions for Rudich's conjecture and the techniques of stretching pseudorandom bits in the non-deterministic setting: Pseudorandom bits generated by standard pseudorandom generators(PRGs) can be indistinguishable from distinguishers in P/poly, cannot be secure from distinguishers in NP/poly. Rudich gave two variants of PRGs, which are secure under distinguishers in NP/poly: Super-bits and Demi-bits. Super-bits can be stretched using standard techniques, but how to stretch demi-bits? The existence of these PRGs can be the assumption for Rudich's conjecture, but does there exist a more natural(standard) assumption for Rudich's conjecture?
* Understand the intuition of Rudich's conjecture and Razborov's conjecture: How to formalize those conjectures in other ways to show connections between those conjectures and other areas of complexity theory? What are the consequences of Razborov's conjectures?
* Find the possible connection between Rudich's conjecture and Razborov's conjecture: Pich and Santhanam showed a connection between Rudich's conjecture and a consequence of Razborov's conjecture. Are there any more straight connections between Rudich's conjecture and Razborov's conjecture?


Information-Theoretic Approximation of Large Markov Chains
======
Supervisor: [Prof. George Karakostas](http://www.cas.mcmaster.ca/~gk/)  
Keywords: approximation algorithm, convex optimization, Markov chain, clustering, information theory
* Studied, both theoretically and experimentally, the methods of MC reduction and formulated them as optimization problems: Markov Chain reduction(MC reduction) is the task of replacing a complex Markov chain with a simpler one which works similarly to the original one. One way is to aggregate several states into one state. Therefore, this problem can also be viewed as clustering. There are several ways to measure the similarity between the complex Markov chain and the simple Markov chain, like relative entropy.
* Finished the problem formulation and modelling side and focused on the theoretical analysis of proposed solutions



Recursive Teaching Dimension Versus VC Dimension
======
Supervisor: [Prof. Xingwu Liu](https://people.ucas.ac.cn/~xingwu)  
Keywords: combinatorics, computational learning theory, VC dimension
* Studied the quantitative relation between the recursive teaching dimension(RTD) and the well-known learning complexity measure VC dimension(VCD): The main question in our research is whether RTD can be linearly bounded by VCD. The best result so far is that RTD is quadratically bounded by VCD. We investigate and construct some special cases.
* Studied the Book Introductory Combinatorics by Richard A. Brualdi
